custom-model (#57)
kagent-dev/website: src/app/docs/getting-started/configuring-providers/page.mdx

  provider: Ollama
  ollama:
    host: http://ollama.ollama.svc.cluster.local
```

## Configuring Custom Models

Often you may want to use a custom model with an existing provider, for example if you're using a self-hosted model exposed via the OpenAI API.
Or if you're using a proxy to the OpenAI API.

> Autogen requires certain information about any model to be able to use it. Autogen ships with a default set of models, but you can also add custom models.

Reviewer: does the reader care about Autogen here? Perhaps just say "We require certain inf..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We require certain information about any model to be able to use it. We ship with a default set of models, but you can also add custom models.
```
